Add release procedure documentation (#88)
seL4/docs: processes/release-process.md

- [{{repo}}](https://github.com/{{project.name}}/{{repo}})
	{% endfor %}
{% endfor %}

## Release procedure

This section describes how a release is done. Most of the points below are
applicable to the wider public except for those where the actual release work
is carried out. Note that this procedure is based on the Trustworthy Systems
team-internal Bamboo continuous infrastructure and GitHub setup. This procedure
is likely to change in the coming future as the Trustworthy Systems team
migrates away from the Bamboo setup and perhaps experiments with a more
frequent release cycle.

### Release window and feeze

When a release is planned, decide on the timeframe of the release window in
which changes can still be made, and then make an announcement to the relevant
channels that a release is coming up and let people know of the release window
that you have decided. This is to give advance notice to contributors so that
they can prepare for the release and get features merged in before the release
is done. A decent timeframe for the release window is a month.

The relevant channels for the announcement are:

>     - [seL4 discourse](https://sel4.discourse.group/)

Reviewer: The list doesn't display correctly. You probably need a blank like before the first item, and no indent for the items.

Author: Oh woops, guess I skimmed over that and forgot to check that.

    - seL4 announcement mailing list: announce@sel4.systems
    - [seL4 Mattermost](https://mattermost.trustworthy.systems/sel4-external/)

Upon the end of the release window, announce the close of the window and the
start of the release freeze on the relevant channels. Pull requests should not
be merged during the release freeze except for those that fix issues and bugs
that occurred during the release window. Work towards getting the continuous
integration builds to be green while working on the next step.

### Preparing changelogs

Before preparing the changelogs for each project, review the changes of each
project since the last release and decide a new version number as according to
the [Version Numbers](#version-numbers) section.

Clone the release tool from GitHub (you may need to ask for permission).

> Move to the directory of the release tool that you cloned and execute the following while replacing the fields:

Reviewer: We should probably mention the `seL4_repo` here (and say that it is currently private). It'd be nice to make this public at some point, but not yet.

Author: Yep.

```shell
./releaseit prerelease --config data/sel4_prerelease.yml --new-version=<new seL4 version>

./releaseit prerelease --config data/capdl_prerelease.yml --new-version=<new capDL version> --sel4-version=<new seL4 version>

./releaseit prerelease --config data/camkes_prerelease.yml --new-version=camkes-<new CAmkES version> --sel4-version=<new seL4 version>
```

> These commands clones the projects in the `/tmp` directory of your machine and

Reviewer: clones -> clone

> applies two commits that add changes to the `CHANGES` and `VERSION` files. Note

Reviewer: applies -> apply

that it also creates a `<project>_release.md` file in each project directory.
You now need to add any extra changes since the last release that were not
already included in the `CHANGES` file for each project. To do so, run `git log`
with the relevant arguments to get the commits since the last release or go to
each project's GitHub page and filter the pull requests that were merged since
the last release. Go through each of the commits/pull requests and summarise
them in the `CHANGES` files. You do not need to add changes that are trivial. The
best way to think about this is: "If i'm a user of (sel4, camkes, capdl) will
it affect me? Do I need to know about it? e.g has the API changed?  Are
variables renamed? New features? New licences? Removal of features?" etc. Make
sure to also update the `Upgrade Notes` section in each `CHANGES` file.

Meanwhile, you can also work on making the continuous integration builds green
while preparing the changelogs. Remember to also include any fixes and changes
to the changelogs.

Once the continuous integration builds are all green (make sure that the

> verification builds are also green) and this is also done.  Amend the commits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
verification builds are also green) and the change log is done, amend the commits
```

> that the release tool made with th updated `CHANGES` file in each project, sign

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the release tool made with the updated `CHANGES` file in each project, sign
```
